	# 20484 of 31502
        Source id # is:  14277
        Path followed:   ET BBS!..!Greenspace!Outer 
Limits!PhotoSynthesis!Milliways!So I'm Lazy
    92Dec16 10:57:31 PST From ET @ ET BBS, (206) 789-2658
  
 Being able to do a (R)everse WHILE reading messages is a "superior" feature
and has been in CHATeau four years. It is in my Citadel now. Is it in yours 
too? What about the (O)ver-again command being available while reading which 
allows a user to buffer a select message from the top on the spot...or at least
lets you see the header to see who it was that wrote the message you are 
reading. Being able to see the userlog and see who has been on since one last
was is a superior feature on any BBS. It is just something that is needed and 
why the original Citadel programer chose to upgrade the file at logon I simply 
cannot fathom. In a word, it was stupid. Just a stupid thing to do. Simple as 
that.  Being able to take a call while the sysop is logged on is a greatly 
superior way to do business than the way Citadel currently handles it.  
  
 More...When you logoff a Citadel and it asks you if you are sure, what happens
to the "t" command? Why can't you just hit that "t" key and get off? Why have 
the meanings of commands switch around? That is not a good user interface.  The
CHATeau is superior here too...as the "t" command remains active.  Just as it 
LOGICALLY should. 
  
 The screen strobing during chat request is a SUPERIOR feature that has been in
my software five years. It is on one version of Citadel.  TurboCit.  Is it in 
yours? 
  
 More...when chat request fails the user is asked if he or she would like to 
leave a message to the sysop on the spot. Five years. That's how long that has 
been proven to be of worth at my end. My current Cit provides that query at 
least at log off. 
  
 NOT having to go into DOS and having a complete service utility available at a
hot key press is vastly superior. Think about it. 
  
 More....at the WAITING FOR A CALL screen having the name and the time of the 
last caller showing (besides the current time) is a nice feature to have. This 
has been in the CHATeau years. My Cit at least shows the time. 
  
 More.....on the CHATeau after a textfile upload you can edit the thing. Not 
being able to is inferior. Vastly. 
  
 Now the reason I am tossing these things out is not to support a "BBS isetter 
than yours" syndrome.  CHATeau is dead...it is going no where. It is obsolete. 
It is a waste of developmental energy for me to put any further effort into it.
However, I would simply LOVE to see Citadel upgraded to include all the above 
functions. Wouldn't you like to be able to check the userlog to see if a 
certain person has called since you were last on? Wouldn't you like to be able 
to edit uploaded textfiles?  What about the ability to send select messages to 
the printer...or the whole room? CHATeau has long been able to do that.  I 
suffer with my Cit because it can't....so far as I know.  With regard the above
features named, face it, Citadel is completely inferior....but it doesn't have 
to be. 
 
 When sysops realize that these functions are possible to have and that they 
are needed then programers just might stick them in. Maybe. 
  
 The (R)everse while viewing command was in CHATeau years ago...and like it the
other described features can be too.  Then Citadel wouldn't be so inferior. 
  
 As for the BBS Development room, I am aware of it and used to host it. But 
when Mayday 1 dropped it ET BBS no longer received it. Simple. 
  
 I sincerely hope Citadel can be upgraded to providing ALL the above functions.
THEY ARE BADLY NEEDED. Everyone. Oh, the name of the "Last Caller" at the 
"WAITING" screen isn't actually needed, but is nice to have.  So are a number 
of other items I haven't gotten around to listing yet. 
  
 Oh, wait, let me include one more....The CHATeau provides a "footer" for each 
message showing who wrote the message which is visible only at the console (or 
to remote hall Managers when messages are in the Management room). It is nice
to not have to continually wonder who the hell it was whote the message you (as
the syso) just read without having to do it again...constantly. More the 
feature allows users to edit their name on the message header. This is great 
for roll playing games. Fun! You can enter a message as your character. 
Speaking of roll playing games (which seem to be popular on Citadels) the 
CHATeau can be easily set to roll the dice and insert the result at the end of 
the message. 
  
  
                        The number thrown is: 
                         
  
                          --==*>  7  <*==-- 
  

        # 20485 of 31502
        Source id # is:  14334
        Path followed:   ET BBS!..!Greenspace!Outer 
Limits!PhotoSynthesis!Milliways!So I'm Lazy
    92Dec16 18:29:13 PST From ET @ ET BBS, (206) 789-2658
  
 Arthur Morgan, will you please explain why you "will have to cut [my] system 
out of [your] mail paths now, since TurboCit strips paths out of messages, thus
making ,essies coming through TurboCits useless for the other router programs 
out there." 
  
 I don't follow  your point.  Haven't you been running an autorouter all along,
and aren't you still? And isn't your mail coming through TurboCits.  Greenspace
is a TurboCit and is one of the key links to back east.  Can you explain in 
more detail just what your threat to cut me (and other TurboCits) out of the 
net is based upon? 
  

	# 20486 of 31502
        Source id # is:  10345
        Path followed:   Milliways!So I'm Lazy
        Source software: Gremlin's Citadel /062.1á
    92Dec17 07:59:50 PST From Twoflower {Gank-Boy} {am i anal or am i not?} @ 
Milliways, U.S.A. {U.S.A.}, (206)286-0658
  
 et; 
  
  you can easily figure out who has called since your last call.
  
 hit .rvu (read verbose userlog) 
  
 read the call number in front of your account (it will be first, but not yet 
updated.) 
  
 let the userlog scroll until the call numbers are less than yours.
  
 you've just seen every user who has called since you were last on. 
  
 not quite as idiot proof as having it all spelled out for you when you log on 
(you actually have to do a touch of thinking!) but, seeing as how some of

        Source id # is:  14544
        Path followed:   ET BBS!..!Greenspace!Outer 
Limits!PhotoSynthesis!Milliways!the grand illusion!So I'm Lazy
    92Dec20 03:27:27 PST From ET @ ET BBS
  
 Quite frankly, having to evauluate user numbers with the Verbose command to
mentally calculate who all called since one last was on may be fun for a true 
hacker  but is not for a regular user...is an entirely primative process, as is
having to revert to DOS in place of utilities. Imagine having to do that with a
word processor...or any other program, for that matter. Who could respect
anything so primative?  And that is exactly what the process iss...primitive. 
  
 And as my programing to suit my purposes....I think that goes without 
saying....well of course! Sheesh...why else would I implement a given feature? 
  
 As for utilizing the scrollback buffer in place of the (O)ver again 
command...sometimes one would like to be able to just save a clean file with 
just the select message...and not have to do buffer editing to cut it out. 
  
 As  for using screen print to send messages to the printer...nah! The CHATeau 
has that function too...and it ain't the same as being able to select a whole 
message intact and have it printed...or the whole room. 
  
 I was not saying "my BBS is better than yours" I was saying that Citadel is 
deficient without certain features I have known and loved for years. That's it.
The key word is "features." 
  
 And as far as the name change on the header is concerned...I have NEVER had a 
problem with that....because....every message has the writer's name at the 
footer which is visible to the sysop...so forgeries are impossible to be gotten
away with. And if someone ever tried it...I'd slap the  twit-bit on 'em fast.  
The mail works differemt...has a different header structure...can't be edited. 
  
 And as for the "t" command....when the prompt asks me if I am sure I want to 
Terminate....The "t" key should answer the question...instead of becoming 
unavailable for use. A command set should be more reliable. 
  
 The things I said still go.
